
# Professional-Readme-Generator

## Description
Vanderbilt Coding Bootcamp challenge involved creating a README generator that runs from the command line.  User is asked to enter a project title, description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, test instructions, license information, GitHub username and email address.

## Technologies
•	JavaScript
•	Node.js
•	Inquirer.js
•	Command Line
•	Vim (OS X) / Notepad (Windows)

## Installation
Please install  Node.js, npm and Inquirer.js before using this app. To check whether Node.js and npm are installed, open a terminal and run:
node -v
npm -v
If Node and npm are already installed, the commands above should return version numbers. 
To install Inquirer navigate to the project's root directory and run:
npm install

## Usage
To launch the application from the command line, navigate to the project's root directory and run (or open VScode right click index.js and select open integrated terminal and run) by typing node index.js then press enter.
Questions that may require code blocks, markdown, or more details responses will prompt the user to open their device's default text editor. These questions will prompt the user to press "enter" to open their operating system's default text editor:
•	Windows Users: The application will open Notepad. Save description here.
•	Mac/Linux Users: The application will open Vim. Once Vim is open, press "i" to begin typing. Once finished, press "esc" to complete the input followed by ":wq" to save and close the editor. 
The final README generated by the application will include the following sections: Description, Technologies, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, Questions.
### Application Demo Video
[readme-demo.gif](https://postimg.cc/1fB3tbPF)
Watch the full walkthrough video:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pJ1CDPhkCmKQMroCkMRcaWongVjHmCh0/view

### License
Copyright (c) 2021 JOJOFORD

##Contact: 
  See my Github [GitHub](https://www.github.com/JojoFord) 
